OPVM:	

render status

same visit lo bill generate aythe select package first validation remove cheyali

cancel query need to call given by kiran


remaining qty issue in pop up
dt seq id and new obj not coming some times from update scenario 
default expand works only for when pop up have single package , it should work for multiple also
if package validation completed after selcting plus icon need remove package record from grid also
6.	grid allignments should be proper
10.	column diff need to check for active and history packages
failure:
bill print showing empty if services are zero
DW lo Remaing needs to update in pop up
right side and left side default package should be load
Priority:
bill print showing empty if services are zero
after click plus icon don't add package without services should warn a message
16. if we cancel the package do not allow to select link
cancel visit should call cancel api for mvp
MVP_DT_SEQ_ID
MVP_HD_SEQ_ID
selection deselection if we use multi package
cancelupdate function need to add in bill details cancel also
3.	package icons should give in bill details
Remaining value -1 ravoddu in pop up
billgenereateseqid update function
hd seq needs to come from billing response
after package cancelled grid need to refresh
ordering quantity should be update if we select from grid
add some operation if we select service without package then show message while clicking on save, update ,
loader needs to add in pop up
need to be disable ordering qty field while service is loading & d't enter more than remaning qty   - priority
4.	if we select service check box in grid remaing services also selected should restrict as only one check box should select in visit grid.
if we select one service and package to cancel how to handle
need to get all service list if we select package while cancel
obj saving multiple times on save need to check  - done
after cancel the package no need to add again
add new services in second visit update failed - done
if we deselect package services also need to de select. - done
if bill generated in same patient not need to show package in visit grid and no need to give permission to add - priority
duplicate package should not allow in same visit
min value need to add orderqty
package should not shown in next visit 
package service count   8367498177
14.	check if we select multi selection in visit grid how to set data - done
11.	Upon hovering over the service name or Multi-visit Package service icon, system shall Display package name. - done
18.select package and service, deselect package again , sevice also automatically deselect - done
1.	multi visit count - done
15. in edit mode no need to show message for service selection please select package first , so what we need to do  - done
2.	multi visit package link should be enable with count of services after assign package to patient, only quantity should be enabled - done
5.	if we select link in update or save already selected services checkboxes should be in disable mode.only quantity should be enabled - done
in pop up default first package or selected package should be select.  -- done
7.	System shall not allow to check the checkbox against a service if remaining qty. for the same is 0.  - done
16)close button need to add.  -- done
12) after adding services from popup some times services showing multiple times more than quantity--done
18)if quantity not entered select should be in disable mode. -- done
17)in save multivisitpkglist should send all services which are related to that package not only selected one.--done
2)in list grid package, service order should be change like after packages services should show  -- done
11)after clicking on grid level link showing wrong popup -- done
duplicates need to check in pop up -- done
6)grid level package link selection pop up  - done
5)check box selection should be for service name  - done
4)if deselect the check box index data should be clear - done
9)check all should be hide  --- done
3)qty should be number , should restrict other chars  --- done
1) on change quantity remaining qty and availed qty should be change  ---- done 

 	